#summary How To Create Word Lists
#labels Phase-Support,Phase-Deploy

So how do you get your own word lists into your copy of Chinese Touch you may ask? 

Luckily this is rather easy to accomplish. Chinese Touch automatically imports any user provided word lists from a directory structure on your flash memory card found at "<YOUR-FLASH-DRIVE>/chinese-touch/books/your-book-name/", assumed that <YOUR-FLASH-DRIVE> is the location your flash memory card appears at, when inserted into your pc, which may be a drive letter on Windows or some mount point on Linux. The string "your-book-name" is a sub directory name for your book you are free to choose. You can create any number of them. Those book directories can contain many files that are typically starting with a lesson number and having a file ending giving some hint what the files purpose is. Word lists also called dictionary files are called "<LESSON-NUMBER>.dict", e.g. 01.dict, 02.dict and so on. You can try to open one of the shipped dictionary files and have a look at its file structure which is not too complicated to understand and just describes some kind of table. You may copy on of those files to your own book directory and modify its contents within a text editor if you like, but there is a more convenient way to do so. 

Start OpenOffice or StarOffice and create a new text document. Therein create a table with five columns and any number of rows. Every row describes one word definition, where column one contains the word in Chinese language, column two contains the pronunciation in pinyin, column number three takes the translation into your native language, column four is for a short abbreviated form of the word type and the fifth column takes an additional comment or example phrase. Any of the columns in exception of the first one is optional and can be left blank if you do not have or need the information. You are not even forced to create a list of Chinese words. The font shipped with Chinese Touch also supports Japanese, Korean and many Latin glyphs and could be replaced with another one if necessary.
_howto-create-word-tables-1.png_