Description
~~~~~~~~~~~

Chinese Touch is a language learning tool for Nintendo DS with a focus on 
Chinese. In contrast to many other applications (there are not that many for 
Nintendo DS anyway) Chinese Touch does not try to provide a complete course for 
a specific level of language skill, but is meant more as a generic tool to make 
your own learning docs easily portable and more accessable for your individual 
needs. Many learners, especially tech-savvy ones, already transcribe word lists 
or even text from their text books to the computer (try it, its a good training 
already) to take advantage of dictionary programs, flashcard applications and so 
on or even use digital sources in the first place. So all you have to do is to 
convert your digitally available texts and word lists into a collection of 
UTF8-encoded plain text files and copy them onto to your flash memory cart into 
the directory structure Chinese Touch understands. That way Chinese Touch can 
assist you in practicing reading and writing and memorizing words right on your 
DS wherever you are, whenever you have a couple of minutes of spare time, using 
your prefered learning materials. Apart from that the ready-to-use program 
archive available from the downloads section already includes a beginners guide 
to Chinese (Mandarin) from wikibooks.org. Just extract its contents to your 
flash memory cart and give it a try.


Links
~~~~~

Please check the project wiki for the latest version of the user manual.
See: http://code.google.com/p/chinese-touch/w/list

Also checkout your copy of the source code from subversion if interested.
See: http://code.google.com/p/chinese-touch/source/checkout for instructions.

Are you seeking help or do you want to contribute ideas, artwork or source code?
Please leave me a mail at: syslock@gmail.com

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Beschreibung
~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chinese-Touch ist ein Sprachlernprogramm für Nintendo DS mit Schwerpunkt auf der 
chinesischen Sprache. Im Gegensatz zu vielen anderen Anwendungen (wobei es für 
den relativ günstigen Nintendo DS leider eh nicht viel Auswahl gibt) bietet 
Chinese-Touch primär keinen fertigen Sprachkurs für ein bestimmtes 
Ausgangsniveau, sondern ist eher als generisches Lernwerkzeug konzipiert, das 
den Nutzer in die Lage versetzt seine eigenen Lernunterlagen in ein handlicheres 
Format zu bringen und automatisch ermittelte Querverweise zu nutzen. Das 
Übertragen verfügbarer Texte und Vokabellisten in den Computer oder die Nutzung 
digitaler Quellen erfreut sich, insbesondere unter technisch interessierten 
Lernenden, einiger Beliebtheit, da elektronische Wörterbücher, 
Karteikartenprogramme etc. vieles vereinfachen. Alles was du nun tun musst um 
Chinese-Touch für dich nutzen zu können ist die digital verfügbaren Texte und 
Vokabellisten in eine Sammlung von UTF8-kodierten Textdateien zu übertragen und 
anschließend in eine bestimmte Verzeichnisstruktur auf der Flashkarte für deinen 
Nintendo DS zu kopieren. Chinese Touch kann dich dabei unterstützen Lesen und 
Schreiben zu üben und Wörter auswendig zu lernen und dass überall, immer wenn du 
mal ein bischen Zeit übrig hast, mit deinem gewohnten Lehrmaterial. Damit du das 
Programm ohne größeren Aufwand ausprobieren kannst, enthält das in der 
Downloadsektion erhältliche Zip-Archiv bereits einen kleinen, frei verfügbaren 
Anfängerkurs von wikibooks.org. Lade einfach die aktuelle Zip-Datei herunter, 
entpacke sie auf die Speicherkarte für deinen DS und probier's aus.

